== UPlay UPnP/DLNA Plex Video Channel Plug-in

This is the source code to a custom Plex Video Channel plug-in that, once installed on your
Plex Media Server (PMS), will connect to a designated 3rd party UPnP/DLNA server and offer its
content on your connected Plex Home Theater (PHT).

- For more information about Plex plug-ins, see https://dev.plexapp.com/
- For feedback and discussions about this specific Plex plug-in, see https://forums.plex.tv/index.php/topic/129911-uplay-upnpdlna-custom-video-channel-plug-in/

== Dependencies

None, although you will obviously need a Plex setup and a 3rd party UPnP/DLNA server.


== What's new in this release?

See the CHANGELOG file for information on what's new.

Follow me on twitter @ http://twitter.com/yanavery for relase updates.


== Installation/Usage

- Copy the bundle file (folder) to your PMS Plug-ins folder.

- Using the PMS web U/I, go to the plug-in's configuration screen and provide the IP and port number of your UPnP/DLNA server.

- Using the PHT U/I, go to the actual plug-in and enjoy your content.


This plug-in was tested with a Synology UPnP/DLNA media server. It might not work with other UPnP server implementations?


== The distribution

This package is distributed as a .bundle file which in reality is a folder. On Mac OSX, to view the folder's content,
either rename .bundle to some other name or use "Right Mouse Click" + "Show Package Contents" option.


== License

Plug-in is licensed under the terms of the MIT License, see the included MIT-LICENSE file.

(C) 2014, Yan Avery
